explain the updates to error sampler in 7.41.x and fix manual drop examples (#16607)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_pipeline/ingestion_mechanisms.md

@env DD_APM_ERROR_TPS - integer - optional - default: 10
```

**Notes**: 
1. Set the parameter to `0` to disable the error sampler.

> 2. The error sampler captures local traces with error spans at the Agent level. If the trace is distributed, there is no way to guarantee that the complete trace will be sent to Datadog.

Author: ✅ to say I added this in the last comment. I saw this specific suggestion was overriding a previous suggestion and wasn't sure how that would appear. Can you review this and let me know if this is what you're looking for?

> 3. By default, spans dropped by tracing library rules or custom logic such as `manual.drop` are **excluded** under the `error` sampler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. By default, spans dropped by tracing library rules or custom logic such as `manual.drop` are **excluded** under the error sampler.
```

#### Datadog Agent 6/7.41.0 and higher

> To override the default behavior so that spans dropped by the tracing library rules or custom logic such as `manual.drop` are **included** by the error sampler, enable the feature with: `DD_APM_FEATURES=error_rare_sample_tracer_drop` in the Trace Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override the default behavior so that spans dropped by the tracing library rules or custom logic such as `manual.drop` are **included** by the error sampler, enable the feature with: `DD_APM_FEATURES=error_rare_sample_tracer_drop` in the Agent (the Tracer Agent on Kubernetes).
```

Author: I changed this to this instead, does this look good?
> To override the default behavior so that spans dropped by the tracing library rules or custom logic such as `manual.drop` are **included** by the error sampler, enable the feature with: `DD_APM_FEATURES=error_rare_sample_tracer_drop` in the Datadog Agent (or the dedicated Trace Agent container within the Datadog Agent pod in Kubernetes).

#### Datadog Agent 6/7.33 to 6/7.40.x

> No further customization exist. To customize the default behavior, upgrade the Datadog Agent to Datadog Agent 6/7.41.0 and higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error sampling default behavior can't be changed for these Agent versions. Upgrade the Datadog Agent to Datadog Agent 6/7.41.0 and higher.
```
